CNV-54747: Add release note with link to KCS article for flattening d… (#93685)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-19-release-notes.adoc

+
As a cluster administrator, you can prevent users from enabling VM delete protection xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection.adoc#virt-removing-vm-delete-protection_virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection[by removing the option at the cluster level].

//CNV-54747

> * You can now flatten the virtual machine (VM) definition file when creating a VM using instance types and preferences. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7107803[Using InstancetypeReferencePolicy to expand VirtualMachines] in the Red Hat Customer Portal.

Reviewer: This is specifically about expanding live objects in the cluster and not a static definition file. It can also be applied during creation and to all existing VM objects within a cluster.

```suggestion
* You can now optionally expand virtual machines (VMs) when using instance types and preferences. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7107803[Using InstancetypeReferencePolicy to expand VirtualMachines] in the Red Hat Customer Portal.
```
